README.md, before:

# Arch Linux package for [Remark Lint](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint)

**_This repository contains unofficial packaging for an installation of [Remark Lint](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint).  It is not affiliated, authorized, endorsed by, or in other way connected with either Arch Linux or the Remark Lint project._**

---

## About Remark Lint

[Remark Lint](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint) is a pluggable linter for checking Markdown.

Brief documentation for Remark Lint is available on [the project's website](https://remark.js.org/). More detailed information is available at [remark-lint's GitHub repo](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark/blob/master/packages/remark-lint/readme.md#remark-lint).  Any issues with Remark Lint should be lodged on the [project's issue page](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint/issues).

## About the package

As with packages hosted on the [Arch User Repository](https://aur.archlinux.org/) bear in mind that this is an unofficial package.  An understanding of [makepkg](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Makepkg) and [pacman](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Pacman) is required for the build and installation process.  The [Arch Linux Wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/) article about the [Arch User Repository](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Arch_User_Repository) should also be read.

As part of the testing process the PKGBUILD and the compiled package have been scanned by [Namcap](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Namcap).  Sources have also been checked by [ClamAV](https://www.clamav.net/).

## Found an issue?

Only an issue based around the packaging of Remark Lint will receive a response.  This includes bugs, feature requests, todos etc, within the PKGBUILD or other files hosted in this repository.

Should you discover an issue please:
  1. Take steps to ensure it is an issue with the packaging and not the upstream software.
  1. Take a look at the [ISSUES.md](ISSUES.md) file which catalogues issues and provides information and links to the specific issues on the repository's [issue pages](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/issues).
  1. Search repository's [issue pages](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/issues) for similar issues both active and inactive
  1. Create a [new issue](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/issues/new).
  1. Use the templates provided, when available, as they will speed up the process of triaging and producing a fix.

  Further information on how to make a good bug report is available on our [website](https://archiv8.github.io/)

  ---

  <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />Documentation for this project is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

  Any original software produced for [Archiv8](https://archiv8.github.io/) and / or quoted within the documentation is released under the MIT License.

  The license for upstream software, including the Arch Linux packaging tools used in the creation of this package, remains as designated by its creator and contributors.

  (c) Documentation, 2017 - 2020 Ross Clark and [Archiv8 Contributors](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/people)

  ---

  [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)
  [Conventional Commits v2.0.0 adopted](https://www.conventionalcommits.org)
  [Keep a Changelog v1.0.0 adopted](https://keepachangelog.com)
  [Semantic Versioning v2.0.0 adopted](https://semver.org)
  [Developer Certificate of Origin v.1.1.0 adopted](https://developercertificate.org)
  [License MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [License Creative Commons](https://creativecommons.org)
  [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Archiv8/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/Archiv8/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

Commit message:

:cop: DOC(copy): Update copyright to include code
Why is this change necessary?
  - Original copyright statement does not include code.  This could
    create confusion in the future

How does it address the issue?
  - Edited copyright statement to include code and documentation.

What side effects does this change have?
  - N/A

On branch master
  - Changes to be committed:
    - modified:   CHANGELOG.md
    - modified:   CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md
    - modified:   CONTRIBUTE.md
    - modified:   DEVELOPER-CERTIFICATE-OF-ORIGIN.md
    - modified:   ISSUES.md
    - modified:   README.md

README.md, after:

[Archiv8](https://archiv8.github.io/)

_Exploring and Sharing Custom [Arch Linux](https://www.archlinux.org/) PKGBUILDs_

---

**_This repository contains unofficial packaging for an installation of [Remark Lint](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint).  It is not affiliated, authorized, endorsed by, or in other way connected with either Arch Linux or the Remark Lint project._**

---

## About Remark Lint

[Remark Lint](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint) is a pluggable linter for checking Markdown.

Brief documentation for Remark Lint is available on [the project's website](https://remark.js.org/). More detailed information is available at [remark-lint's GitHub repo](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark/blob/master/packages/remark-lint/readme.md#remark-lint).  Any issues with Remark Lint should be lodged on the [project's issue page](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint/issues).

## About the package

As with packages hosted on the [Arch User Repository](https://aur.archlinux.org/) bear in mind that this is an unofficial package.  An understanding of [makepkg](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Makepkg) and [pacman](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Pacman) is required for the build and installation process.  The [Arch Linux Wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/) article about the [Arch User Repository](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Arch_User_Repository) should also be read.

As part of the testing process the PKGBUILD and the compiled package have been scanned by [Namcap](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Namcap).  Sources have also been checked by [ClamAV](https://www.clamav.net/).

## Found an issue?

Only an issue based around the packaging of Remark Lint will receive a response.  This includes bugs, feature requests, todos etc, within the PKGBUILD or other files hosted in this repository.

Should you discover an issue please:
  1. Take steps to ensure it is an issue with the packaging and not the upstream software.
  1. Take a look at the [ISSUES.md](ISSUES.md) file which catalogues issues and provides information and links to the specific issues on the repository's [issue pages](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/issues).
  1. Search repository's [issue pages](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/issues) for similar issues both active and inactive
  1. Create a [new issue](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/issues/new).
  1. Use the templates provided, when available, as they will speed up the process of triaging and producing a fix.

  Further information on how to make a good bug report is available on our [website](https://archiv8.github.io/)

  ---

  <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />Documentation for this project is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

  Any original software produced for [Archiv8](https://archiv8.github.io/) and / or quoted within the documentation is released under the MIT License.

  The license for upstream software, including the Arch Linux packaging tools used in the creation of this package, remains as designated by its creator and contributors.

  (c) Documentation and Code, 2017 - 2020 Ross Clark and [Archiv8 Contributors](https://github.com/Archiv8/nodejs-remark-lint/people)

  ---

  [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)
  [Conventional Commits v2.0.0 adopted](https://www.conventionalcommits.org)
  [Keep a Changelog v1.0.0 adopted](https://keepachangelog.com)
  [Semantic Versioning v2.0.0 adopted](https://semver.org)
  [Developer Certificate of Origin v.1.1.0 adopted](https://developercertificate.org)
  [License MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [License Creative Commons](https://creativecommons.org)
  [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Archiv8/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/Archiv8/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
